DOC-1982: Added TINY-9314 to the release notes. (#2741)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

{productname} 6.5 also includes the following bug fixes:

=== Direction was not visually changing when using the Directionality plugin on an element which has the `direction` CSS property set.
//#TINY-9314

The `direction` style takes precendence over than the `dir` attribute in many cases when determining an element's direction. However, in previous versions of {productname}, the Directionality plugin only affected the `dir` attribute and did not consider any `direction` style, whether inline or from a stylesheet. Consequently, the Directionality plugin did not visually affect elements with a `direction` style.

> In the latest version, {productname} 6.5, the Directionality plugin has been improved. It now takes into account the `direction` style while still giving priority to the `dir` attribute. First, any inline `direction` style is removed if present. Then, the standard `dir` attribute logic is applied. Finally, it determines if an inline `direction` style is needed for the desired visual change in `direction`. The final addition of an inline `direction` style often occurs if the element derives a different style from a stylesheet.

Reviewer: Minor clarification and addition of a result statement.
```suggestion
In the latest version, {productname} 6.5, the Directionality plugin has been improved. It now takes into account the `direction` style while still giving priority to the `dir` attribute. First, any inline `direction` style is removed if present. Then, the standard `dir` attribute logic is applied. Finally, it determines if an inline `direction` style is needed for the desired visual change in `direction`. The final addition of an inline `direction` style would often occur if the element derives a different `direction` style from a stylesheet. As a result, the Directionality plugin now functions as expected for elements with a `direction` style applied.
```

> === Direction was not visually changing when using the Directionality plugin on an element which has the `direction` CSS property set.
> //#TINY-9314
> 
> The `direction` style takes precendence over than the `dir` attribute in many cases when determining an element's direction. However, in previous versions of {productname}, the Directionality plugin only affected the `dir` attribute and did not consider any `direction` style, whether inline or from a stylesheet. Consequently, the Directionality plugin did not visually affect elements with a `direction` style.
> 
> In the latest version, {productname} 6.5, the Directionality plugin has been improved. It now takes into account the `direction` style while still giving priority to the `dir` attribute. First, any inline `direction` style is removed if present. Then, the standard `dir` attribute logic is applied. Finally, it determines if an inline `direction` style is needed for the desired visual change in `direction`. The final addition of an inline `direction` style would often occur if the element derives a different `direction` style from a stylesheet. As a result, the Directionality plugin now functions as expected for elements with a `direction` style applied.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Direction did not visually change when Directionality was applied to an element which had the CSS property, `direction`, set.
//#TINY-9314

When determining an element’s directionality, the `direction` style takes precendence over the `dir` attribute in many cases.

However, in previous versions of {productname}, the Directionality plugin only affected the `dir` attribute and did not consider any `direction` style, whether inline or from a stylesheet. Consequently, the Directionality plugin did not visually affect elements with a CSS `direction` style applied.

As of {productname} 6.5, the Directionality plugin takes into account the `direction` CSS style while still giving priority to the `dir` attribute.

In {productname} 6.5, when Directionality is applied to an element:

. any inline `direction` style is removed if present;
. then, the standard `dir` attribute logic is applied; and, finally;
. the plugin determines if an inline `direction` CSS style is necessary for the desired visual change in direction.

The final step above — the addition of an inline `direction` CSS style —  most often occurs if the element derives a different `direction` style from a stylesheet.

As a consequence of these improvements, the Directionality plugin now functions as expected for elements with a `direction` CSS style applied.
```
Edits, and some restructuring.
